Even before games started regularly featuring a photo mode to hide the HUD and all in-game chrome, there have been games where photography is the main point. Fatal Frame, Pokemon Snap, Classic and New, and my new favorite upcoming indie game, Paparazzi. This game looks adorable, and optimistically, it looks like it's going to have plenty of content, compositional capability, and adorableness, and really, what more do you need?
This is one of many games being named. It's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about them and why they're relevant. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are back once again tonight with episode number 880 of our show for this August the 15th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I am not joined tonight, unfortunately, by DarkSakra or Jamie Summers. She's feeling a little bit under the weather, hoping it's not the big C, but she got her brain scraped today to see if it's going to be that.
Hopefully, it's not that though, and it's something minor, but we will hear from her in a pre-recorded segment later in the show, but she will not be joining us live throughout the show, unfortunately, but hopefully she's able to rest her voice and feel a lot better for next week.
But I am joined, of course, tonight by Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm doing fine.
Awesome. What's new? What's up?
Not a whole lot.
Where do we start with our talk tonight? I feel I've had the most boring weekend, quite honestly. Well, I mean, for the purposes of this podcast, I played video games like literally all weekend outside of a Target run that was the highlight of my weekend.
But yeah, I thought about playing video games. I keep looking at my stack of NES games I have over here and I was like, ooh, I should really play those.
Actually, that wasn't the thought I had in my mind. My thought I had in my mind is, ooh, I should buy some more that I'm never going to play.
Yeah, that's what I should do because I was like, there's no Contra over there. I need Contra, but I didn't buy it because I think the last time I went to go buy games like Contra was pretty expensive.
Yeah.
And I didn't want to pay a ton of money for Contra.
Yeah, I hear you. Depending on where you go, I find that the retro video game stuff can really vary. Like, you know, some of these stores, while they're fun to go to and look around and shop, they really do charge, you know, a premium for the retro stuff.
I don't know if that's just because of the age or because, you know, that stuff is, there's a lot of people kind of like you, I think, that like remember it from when they were a kid and they want to get the cartridge to let their kids play.
Like every time I go to a retro store, I see some family in there doing that exact thing.
They were pretty reasonable at like the place we have near us called Fair Game. But then there's also, there's one that's out there in that tiny, the tiny flea market kind of near you.
Oh, yeah.
But their game store sucks because it's dirty and all of the games are unorganized, completely unorganized. Like, I'm looking for something, I have no idea where I'm going to find it in all of this garbage.
And all of the games are like, a lot of them have like stickers torn off of them and stuff. It just is not in good condition. Whereas Fair Game, they may charge a little bit more, but like, you'd know what you're getting.
And it's alphabetical. It's easy to find what you're looking for. Plus, they have like box copies and like homebrew games and stuff like that.
So it, some of that's pretty cool. But yeah, I do want, I wanted to get Contra, but you know, I haven't played any of that. But I was looking at like the Guardian Legends staring at me.
Oh, I love that. When you were talking about the unorganized store, it really took me back to my first minimum wage job out of high school. I worked at a video store here locally.
You would remember Plaster TV, but I bet a lot of people, you know, don't remember that chain. So I worked at their flagship store in Roseville, which was the huge one that I think it used to be an appliance store at some point. It was huge.
And they had every, I can talk all the shit I want because the chain went under a long time ago. It was a fine job. I certainly had no problem with it or the people, but it always kind of blew my mind that like they were completely disorganized.
Like they would just have the A movies are here, the B movies are here, and then they had new releases in one corner. And it was like just kind of a mess of just, these are all the stuff that had come out like in the last 12 months over here in this area.
And people would come in and ask where such and such. And it's like, it's over there somewhere. Go, go find the box and bring it to me, then I can go back and look at the tape.
And we used to kind of go back and, oh, there's two out there on the floor somewhere. So, you know, sometimes if it wasn't, it wasn't Friday or Saturday night, we go help the customer find the box. But it was just, I, no wonder they're out of business, Loki.
That's my point. Like it was so unorganized. No wonder they're out of business. I really think, you know, Blockbuster and Hollywood had it down a little smarter where you didn't, you didn't go to the back and find the bot, like the boxes were either out there where the movie was or it wasn't there.
You know what I mean? This is silly.
Going to our chat, because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, Voice of Geeks Network. And we're on right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at about six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern.
And by the way, catch Bobby Black Wolf this weekend in Atlanta at the Southern Fried Game Room Expo if you happen to be local. And, you know, you're OK with conventions because I know it's a weird year and certainly they have safety precautions in place and all that good stuff.
But we're pushing the conventions a little lighter this year. This year it's kind of like if you happen to be in the area, you know, stop on by. But we get it if you don't.
But if you are in the Atlanta area this this coming weekend, say hi to Bobby Black Wolf. He'll be at Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
So, yeah, we're on Sundays after him, six Pacific, nine Eastern. Of course, we tape live and we get comments from our chat room over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network where Questbuster says goodwill is sometimes good for a lost treasure or two.
I've seen old PC games from the 80s in amazing as in lovingly used and taken care of packaging there. You know, I'm hearing that's a good place to find the plastic instruments like rock band, all that stuff.
Yeah, they're not usually good condition, but I know like I used to we used to take our kids to like their gymnastics class, which is right next to a goodwill.
And I used to go over there beforehand or during to go look around. But yeah, they usually did have a lot of Guitar Hero guitars. They had DJ Hero turntables and stuff like that.
Not for like Xbox. They're always like for the Wii and PlayStation two and stuff like that. But they had a ton of those.
Not in great condition all the time. They never really had retro games, though, because a lot of that stuff gets priced out.
You can actually go online and there's a site for goodwill auctions. You can actually search for stuff through there as well.
I got a whole collection of like Disney Infinity characters through that one time. Nice. But.
Yeah, it's kind of hard to find stuff nowadays, especially in Goodwill, because people know what that stuff's worth, and so they they charge quite a bit.
But sometimes you get lucky or like garage sales and stuff like that. People just want to get rid of it and they don't care.
It also, you know, it also probably depends where you're at when it comes to the Goodwill. Like, you know, we're in pretty much we're in proximity to Silicon Valley, you know, being in Northern California.
So I'm sure people here kind of know the value of that stuff. But I bet you in more rural parts of the country, you may have some hidden treasures at those types of stores. Could be interesting.
Yeah. Bobby Blackwell points out, especially now that people see Super Mario 64 going for millions of dollars, even though it's a very specific circumstance, but I digress.
As Bobby mentioned, his old Friday Night Gaming co-host moved to sack and open legacy toys and games. Yeah, I went and checked to see if they had any video games listed on their website.
The only one that they have listed is a sealed cut or it's a graded copy of Super Mario Brothers for $300,000. So that'll be a no for me. I'm not going to be driving down to Elk Grove to go check that out.
Fascinating.
Yeah, people. I don't get the whole like collect. I mean, I get collecting games. I don't get paying $300,000 for like a mint condition game like that. That seems like the only way you would want to do that is to hold on to it for in resale for more money. But like, is it really going to go higher than that?
I that's an insane risk.
There's that store downtown too. They're super cute. But I don't want I don't want to I don't want to get too hyper local here because we have a nationwide international audience really that listens to Orange Lounge Radio. So thank you guys for tuning in and supporting the show. Appreciate that.
I do want to go to this comment before we get into our kickoff topic tonight, which is about Nintendo related stuff. I thought I would bring in this comment from Tiger Claw, who in chat said I saw Free Guy today. It's pretty good. I know Loki saw it also.
So this isn't really a movie about a video game directly, but it's definitely like video game culture. So how was it, Loki? You saw it, Loki?
I liked it. Yeah, it was really good.
You liked it? So it wasn't like pixels bad because I was a little worried. It was gonna be like Adam Sandler's pixels.
No, it wasn't bad. It wasn't bad at all. It was it was good. I mean, there's like some dumb stuff, some stuff you have to suspend, you know, disbelief for but like overall, it's good. I like Brian Reynolds. So like it was a good movie.
That's good.
They did have like some stuff in it that, you know, definite nods to certain video games and stuff. So they understand some of that. And there's some things that could have probably been done a little bit better, like some of the stuff is a little bit cringy. But overall, I mean, it was funny and entertaining. So I liked it.
All right. I guess I have to see it at some point. I'm just not really in a hurry to go run to the theater and pay the money to see it. But all right. Yeah. Yeah.
Detective Pikachu is super cute. Oh, is it a kid friendly movie? I kind of I kind of assume PG 13.
OK, it looks a little R rated to me from the trailer. I mean, not that I care. It's not like I mean, no titties.
No, no, it's like it's mainly just language. Like they have the one f bomb that they dropped. I'm like, there's the PG 13 f bomb right there.
They get one.
So and it can't it can't be about the act. That is also that you can say you can say, well, we can say on all our we can say fuck. But you you can only say it fuck once in a PG 13 movie.
But you can't say it about the act of fucking. No, no, no spoilers. It was him saying good morning to his fish. So like every like he kept feeling like better.
He's like, so good morning. I think his name, the fish's name was like Goldie or something like that. But he's like, good morning. He's like, have a great fucking day.
So it was pretty funny. But yeah, I can't believe you would spoil uses of the word fuck in movies. How dare you?
I told you so. But otherwise, it wasn't like violent. Like the the most violence that there was is when he shot like a guy like in the chest. And there's like, kind of just like a cartoon hole there, basically. And that was in the trailer.
And that's like, literally the most violent that it gets a little bit like, but there is just some funny characters and stuff that they had in it. And there's a lot.
Okay, so this is a small gripe that really bothered me. It just details because I noticed it. And so like this, like really could have been just something that they could have taken care of. So in the movie, there's lots of like YouTubers and Twitch streamers that have cameos in it, which is fine.
But like some of the events are they're talking about in in this like fictional world of Free City. So they're doing like these like almost like videos about Free City and what's going on at that time. If you look at the dates on each of the videos that they show, they're like months apart from each other. It's like this is all supposed to be taking place at the same time, but they didn't have the forethought to computer edit like the dates so that they're kind of similar in time.
Like, why would you do like this videos from July 2020? This one's from December 2020. It's like clearly this. There's two people talking about the same thing that's going on right now. And they're like months apart. Like, I know it's such a small gripe, but come on. That's, that's basic stuff.
Fifth Dream in chat says real streamers. Okay, definitely not watching it now.
Person, though, that's supposed to be like a big streamer. That's hilarious. I'm not going to spoil it. But like that, that person was a hilarious character in there. And I thought that was really well done. But yeah, it's interesting.
All right, now see, I'll see it for free when it's on one of the seven, you know, film apps out there, like the Netflix, the Hulu, the Paramount, whatever HBO Max, one of the 17 apps they have Disney plus Disney is a Disney god damn fox. That's the one I canceled.
Ah, all right. It's a fox movie. And it's funny that because there's a point in the movie where it's like, this is when Fox got purchased by Disney. Like, you can tell, like, this is the very moment that they got purchased by Disney. Because now, now they can do all these things. And it was hilarious.
How do you think Mickey Mouse felt about that good fucking morning to the fish? Hmm. Hmm. You think Mickey Mouse approves of that? Oh, no. Anyway, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic. I want to talk a little bit about Nintendo World, which is like the the indie kind of showcase that they did this week. So yeah, Indie World happened a few days ago, I think it was Wednesday, and they were talking about the latest and greatest Nintendo indie releases.
Of course, Nintendo once in a while does these direct for their big AAA games. That's when we, you know, got an update on Metroid Dread and that announcement and all that good stuff. And, you know, some of the other Yeah, when we found out we get WarioWare and that stuff. I think that was all E3. But it seems like about once a month, maybe once every six weeks, they're putting out these Indie World that show new games that are showing up on the eShop and other ways to get, you know, switch games than just pre ordering them at local store.
There were a lot of games that were talked about. So let's talk about and if you want to mention if you want to talk in depth about any of these Loki just stop me as I go. I think the first one that's gotten a lot of people's attention is Bomb Rush Cyber Funk, because it is basically Jet Set Radio without being called Jet Set Radio.
I get a very blood stained ritual of the, not Symphony of the Night, but ritual of the moment or whatever that it is, where it's not Castlevania, but Wink, you know, so Bomb Rush Cyber Funk gives me very that. Apparently, series composer Hideki Naganuma is actually in this game, who was from Jet Set Radio. So that is pretty awesome.
It will be coming out to Switch and then other platforms, I guess, come a week later. So the game is also coming to like, you know, PlayStation 5 and all that. But I'm sure people will be looking out for it on the Switch. That's for sure. And have that to go.
Yeah, Dark Tetsuya in chat says he's doing the music apparently keeping an eye on that one for sure. It wasn't the music like part of what everybody loved about, you know, Jet Set Radio. I want Chibomato to be in the game, even if they broke up years ago.
Other games, Toem, a photo adventure. I think that might have been the one that Jason was referencing in the intro there at the top of the show. We have that. Loop Hero is going to be coming out to Switch this year as well.
A lot of these types of announcements are like, oh, these games are coming to Switch too, which, you know, is the way people like to enjoy games sometimes.
Necrobarista, The Final Pour came out now.
That's a nice name.
Yes, you gotta love the punny names. Garden Story just came out and they had showed that one, I think the last time they did it in Indie World, and they did the whole It's Out Today thing.
Another game that they did in It's Out Today event 4 was Boyfriend Dungeon came out. And that actually isn't exclusive to Switch because that came out on Game Pass as well.
I checked out the game on Xbox Game Pass for a little bit. I gotta say, I went through that very first basic dungeon, like the mall. I didn't like the way it felt.
It didn't, it didn't, I don't know. So I get up, I gotta play it more. I was kind of interested, the dating sim part was cracking me up, obviously. It's just, it's just ridiculous, but you know, in a good way.
You know, this Boyfriend Dungeon game actually is getting a lot of talk too, because, and I noticed this when I started the game.
It's, it's, you know, it's pretty inclusive, which is cool. Like, you know, you pick your pronouns, you can make your character like whatever you want, basically.
But there's also a very interesting warning that kind of cautions you like, hey, this game deals with themes of like, there's like stalking and abuse and something that's basically a content warning right at the top of the game.
So I thought that was interesting. And then what I also thought was, you know, just as somebody who's been through it a few years ago, I thought it was very interesting that the game told me that there is a character called Mom that will send you supportive text messages throughout the game.
And do you want to disable this character? And I did kind of think like, you know, because y'all, some of you were here four years ago when my mom passed away, and it was a very tough time.
And if I'd played the game four years ago, I probably would have been like, you know what, no, but I would have been very thankful for the game asking.
Now it's, you know, it's, it's whatever I can, I can do that. But I thought that was interesting. It was very considerate. And I don't see that in a lot of games.
But you know what's interesting, Loki? You know what's really interesting? Have you been following this? As much as they've been considerate, it's not enough.
It's not enough for some of the people on Twitter. Some of the people on Twitter are a little upset that even though you have the warning, you still have a character in the game who is really, really creepy stalkery.
I haven't played enough of the game to know firsthand what that is. But I, look, I'm all for like content warnings. I'm all for customizability.
But I think when you're tweeting the developer of the game going, you're doing this without my consent. I think you're taking it way too far. Like straight up.
And here's the thing is you're, you're actually actively harming that word consent and what it really means. You had consent when you turn the game on and you can revoke consent at any time by turning the game off.
And like, I'm not saying that there can't be criticism about a storyline and that we can't be like, you know, critical of those sorts of things.
But at the same time, like a lot of folks play, like where's, where's the irritation at games that celebrate murder? You know, like an actual murder and killing people.
It's just, I, I, it's just, I feel like this developer tried really hard to do a good thing and they did do a good thing and to see them get shit on for doing a good thing is like really irritating to me.
I don't know why, but I just, yeah, I think it's, it's the part of some of that online culture that a lot of people really can't stand.
Questbuster in chat says, I don't know if this made the news roll, but there was a small article on a few sites that the dev was going to update their content warning over this next week.
Thank you for clarifying that. That's right. They did say they were going to update the content warning. And I'm talking about replies to that that are still saying it's not enough.
And I'm, I'm very much like this game just probably isn't for you. Like, you know, there's maybe other video games that will not have this same thing.
I don't know. You know, it's a tricky, tricky thing. I've dealt with stalking and I've dealt with all that stuff. And again, I haven't played into this game where that kind of thing might bother me or whatever.
But like, I've certainly played video games before where I was playing them, I was playing them, then something really, really violent or gory happened.
And I was just like, not for me, click off. And that's what I did. And I didn't tweet the developer going, how dare you or anything like that. I just said, you know what, there's all sorts of games out there and this one wasn't for me.
Why didn't you tweet the developer? I mean, they need to know that you were unhappy. They are desperate to find out.
Because honestly, like, what good does it do at the end of the day? You know, it was just, yeah.
I'll have you know, nobody with IBS has reached out to me about Pixel Poops number two. So I'm glad I haven't offended anybody yet.
Not yet. Not yet.
You have to be like, actually, people have to actually know about your game in order to, you know, offend somebody with it. So it's fine.
It is, but it is sad to think that if you had put more offensive content in there, it probably would have sold more. Just interesting.
There's always time. I can add more.
Yeah. Let's see. Yeah. Fifth Dream in chat brings up the mom thing and says, I think about that every time Animal Crossing sends mail from mom.
Yeah. I mean, it's nice that the game, like, tells you, like, what's gonna happen and what's going on. So there's that.
All right. Anyway, sorry, I went on a bit of a tangent there, but it was something I saw on Twitter this week that just really, really, like, it just irked me.
I was just like, this is just, it's too much. It's too far. All right. Moving on. Axiom Verge 2 just came out on PlayStation 4, Switch, and PC.
I haven't, I really liked the first game, but I'm a little hesitant on the second game. I'm hearing it's not getting the same warm reception.
That apparently a lot of the battle has gone very melee in the game, which is a little weird for a Metroidvania.
But yeah, I haven't played it myself, but I just, some of the early things I've been hearing from my friends that also like the original Axiom Verge, not really as warm on the game.
But what do you guys in chat think? Have any of you in chat been playing Axiom Verge 2? I'd be very curious. So, all right.
Brilliant comment from SSJ100Matt. I mean, I hate to be harsh, but we can only please everyone. I think we can't please everyone, but at some point the onus is on the person to realize that not everything is about them.
Let's see. Other stuff that they announced at the Nintendo Indie World. Metal Slug Tactics is coming in 2022. Yeah, I thought they had already confirmed that for Switch at some point, but it's nice to have the time frame.
Yeah, that was during the SNK thing that they did where they talked about Metal Slug.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that.
Was that during that? It was during something. I know we've had a trailer for it already.
Yeah. Tetris Effect is coming out on October 8th for the Switch. That's a little bit of a surprise because, you know, that game kind of started as like a VR, you know, really crisp 4K on Epic Store kind of game.
Yeah, it's a crisp 720p.
But it is Tetris at the end of the day. But, you know, it'll be nice to take that on the go. I think some people are going to be very happy they can take that experience on the go.
I still think it's better in an immersive environment, but, you know, if you're kind of chilling on the train or whatever and you have your big old headphones on and you have that really awesome music in the game and so forth, you can probably find your zone in that game.
You know what would be even cooler is if they had a mode to play it where, you know, it's in like a portrait or landscape instead of like portrait.
Oh, like tilted.
I'm sorry. I'm getting confused. Yeah. Basically, so it takes up more screen real estate.
Yeah, that would be awesome actually. That would be a neat feature. You know, there's already like a retro skin in it and you see it in some of the competitive modes and I think you can unlock it.
But it is basically Tetris the NES cartridge skin. I think they call it 1989 or something is the skin name. And it's it's pretty awesome. Yeah. Yeah.
Loki. Now there's something to tweet the developers, you know, I don't say like F U you effing F, but I would tweet the developers and say, hey, it would be cool if you did this.
I mean, they may listen, they may not. We'll see.
Astroneer is another game coming out on Switch in early 2022.
Slime Rancher Plortable. That is that is that was that Plortable because they're slimes. Get it? So Slime Rancher came out now on Switch for you slime ranching fans.
Curious Expedition 2 also was released. Gang Beasts is coming out in September and Eastward is launching on September 16th.
So a lot of updates. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of updates on some games there over Nintendo's camp.
And, you know, this is in addition to all the AAA stuff like the WarioWare and the Metroid Dread.
So I think it's going to be a pretty good holiday for Switch. I imagine they're still going to sell those things like crazy, even if, you know, a Switch Pro didn't end up happening right now.
So. All right. Well, let's talk about our gaming weeks and see if we played any of those games or I did mention I played Boyfriend Dungeon a little bit, but not a lot of it.
If we played some of those games or something else this week, let's get into it. How was your gaming week, Loki?
It's still Minecraft. I that's what I have been playing. And I think I put out a video this week. I can't remember.
So, yeah, I did that. And this week has been mainly just designing stuff offline. I also figured out some of the nuances with the server I play on and how to get it to spawn a lot of mobs, just positioning accounts in a certain way.
So that was a fun experiment to do. And yeah, so it's been just that this week. I haven't really been playing too much Minecraft, actually.
Just cutting back a little bit because I was so much into it last week. But yeah, a lot of it designing stuff offline. So I've been working on Super Smelter for my Tango build I did to put inside of it.
So that'll be coming soon. Just finalize kind of a design for that today. And then, yeah, I do want to get to other things, you know, at some point.
Speaking of which, we kind of referenced Pixel Poops number two. I have not forgotten that I at one point promised to do a physical version of that.
And it's still in the back of my head, I have to finish two more levels for that to polish off the 10 additional levels I was going to do.
And I have to see if there's other things I want to add to it. I may not do that. I may just do the levels and call it a day.
But yeah, I do want to do that at some point soon. The problem is I don't know how I'm going to sell those yet or like, like how to even do that.
So like, aside from like, hey, DM me on Discord or something like that, that's not really reliable way of doing things. But that may be what it is, considering the small quantities. So we'll see.
Or just do a Kickstarter that is like, the goal is only like two copies of the game being sold. And then, you know, fill your orders that way. Maybe I don't know.
Well, yeah, that's tough, too. Because like, I don't know.
You'll sell at least two copies. You'll sell at least two copies. Bobby Blackwell said he'd buy one in Pod Culture City.
Yeah, I'm not worried about selling copies. Like, I don't have a problem with that. Like, it's just like, I want to make sure that I can fulfill stuff like, you know, in a normal process.
I still want it would be nice to have like a manual or like a box or something like that. And I don't even know how to source all that stuff.
And that just adds to the cost. I have, like I said, enough to make like 12 copies right now. All the carts and everything, but I just have to finalize the ROM for that.
And like, I've already added like stuff like I have the two other playable characters in there. And I have to remember if I actually adjusted, because they were supposed to play a little bit differently.
So I've got to like, you know, I guess female presenting characters, and then 10 more levels. So that that's something and what else did I do?
I think I also changed the way that the continues work. So it doesn't put you at the end of it doesn't restart you to the beginning of each world, it just to the level that you died in, which is a little bit more fair.
So there's some like small tweaks for that. But yeah, I mean, they have like better like tutorials and stuff out there for how to do animated title tiles and stuff like that.
Like, I don't want to do that. But I probably draw the line traveling. I'll probably just do two more levels and call it a day. I still it still annoys me that the random the random turn direction code in there doesn't quite work right all the time.
So I but I don't think I'll ever be able to fix that because I don't know how it's colliding. Because there's no easy way to debug that stuff. But yeah, two more levels and then probably call it a day.
I'm also thinking about once I do physically release that stuff that I may end up dropping the price of the digital game and stuff. We'll see. I don't know.
Bobby in chat says, or links to Etsy as a possible source to help with some of your issues.
Yeah, I guess I could do that. Why are people selling like The Legend of Zelda? That's not homebrew.
I'm pretty sure that Mario. This is not Super Mario Bros. 3. This is Mario Bros. 2.
That's clearly Super Mario Bros. 2 and the list says Super Mario Bros. 3. Jesus, people can not read.
So this is why Loki's not using Etsy. All right.
But yeah, sure. We can we can do something like that. We'll figure something out. Maybe Etsy is an idea.
All right. Anything else for gaming week?
That's it.
My gaming week. A lot of the stuff I usually talk about. Still more Dibba Daylight. Still more Final Fantasy 14. My lowest level on any class now is 58.
So by this time next week, I should have everything at least 60. So I've got three more classes to level up. Monk, Black Mage and Warrior.
And then once I get them to 80, everything is max level because I am crazy when it comes to Final Fantasy 14. But I love that game.
And then, yeah, so I was playing most that same stuff. And then Friday or I guess late Thursday night, if you will, Hades came out on Xbox Series X under Xbox Game Pass.
And it also released on PlayStation 5. It released on like Windows Store. Now Hades has already been out on Steam and Switch.
And you all know it won like a lot of Game of the Year recognitions in the last year. And there's a reason for that. The game is good.
I decided to start a new game on Series X just to see how it played and, you know, the nice smooth 60 frames a second and, you know, all that stuff.
And I gotta say, it looks really good. It plays great. In fact, it plays so nicely. I spent all fucking day Saturday playing Hades. All day Saturday playing Hades.
I even did a stream at some point on Saturday where I was just doing more Hades on stream and then I was playing before and after that.
And yeah, I just, the game is fantastic. I don't know what to say. A lot of people feel a certain kind of way when they hear it's a roguelike.
But like it does the genre so well that it's probably the best representation of like a roguelike type of game in that whole genre that I've really seen.
And, you know, even if you hate roguelikes, I'd still encourage you to give Hades a try, especially because it's on Game Pass.
You know, I always say I'm not a big fan of sports games, but you know what? I love NBA Jam. I like Blades of Steel. I even tried one of the newer hockey games that came out because it was on Game Pass.
So yeah, I play those games. I don't like shooters, but I still will, I still get sucked into a Halo game now and then. I enjoyed the Doom revival.
So, you know, there's just, there's certain, there's exceptions to every rule, right? And I think Hades is really worth a look, no matter how you feel about those roguelike type of games.
It's just the customizability and the way the builds work, you really get a different type of playthrough every time you go through the game.
And that's what makes it really interesting to me. So, yeah, I'm loving it. So, I got all the way to Hades, but I have yet, which is further than I got the last time I played through the game.
But I haven't, I was not able to beat him yet. Although I had a really good shotgun build, or I think it's railgun. I had a really good railgun build.
And I'm really upset. I was firing three rockets. I thought it was good. He just does too much damage. I need a build with more damage mitigation or something like that.
So, I'll get there. I'll get there. You just make little improvements to the character every time. That's what a roguelike's all about. So, I'll get there.
But yeah, Hades. Check it out. Otherwise, I did play that little bit of Boyfriend Dungeon I talked about earlier, but not really enough to talk much more about it. Hades kind of knocked that out of the way on getting my attention.
It came up on Bobby's show at the end. He asked me how Yakuza is going. That is still on hold a little bit, but I will pick it back up, I promise. But now I'm obsessed with beating Hades first.
S2100Matt says, I've been waiting for Hades to come to Xbox. Now that it's here, I have not a lot of time to play. Cry. Well, I mean, it shouldn't go away that fast.
I mean, what's the fastest a game disappeared from Game Pass? Grand Theft Auto 5, right? But it was up at least four months or so, wasn't it?
Some folks in chat are talking about the Diablo 2 beta. Questbuster says, have been trying out the Diablo 2 resurrected beta thanks to a free code. Definitely on the pretty side.
I meant to do the Twitch thing to get a code and I wanted to try it for myself, but I played Hades all fucking day on Saturday. I just didn't get around to Diablo 2.
I'll see how the reception is when the actual game comes out and take it from there. So, obviously some of the recent stuff that's been going on with Blizzard.
I mean, I'm not even talking about the, well, I guess I am a little bit. I can't lie, that stuff does factor into it a little bit.
But I'm just not like gung ho on like, I've got to do the pay full price for this game several months in advance thing. I'm just not at a point where I want to do that.
Like if the game is good, I will buy it when it's out. I'm not in a rush to play it day one. Because if it's good, it'll last a lot longer than one day. That's for sure.
So, all right. That's it for our gaming weeks. So we will get into some more news. I will mention real quick, we will be not having a show Labor Day weekend.
I will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta. Yes, they're still doing a Dragon Con this year. Yes, there's a lot of precautions in place, like mandatory mask not stuff.
They're not going to have as many people either. This is the first year they're limiting the number of tickets to the people that can go.
So it's going to be an interesting year. But I'm excited to be, right now my tentative schedule has seven panels on it.
Three of them on the gaming track and four of them on digital media. That could change. It's very likely to change.
So I will kind of give an update when the schedule is locked in. The schedule will be locked in a week or two out from Dragon Con.
And I'll let you know all the panels I'm doing. There is one panel right now, tentatively, that I'm doing with someone that does something for a game company that is large and you would know them.
And that's the one I'm really hyped about. So we'll see what plays out with that. I will give you more details in a couple weeks, I promise.
I have to wait for it to get locked in because the moment I open my fat mouth and say I'm doing this, this, and this is when, oh, we had some changes.
We had a schedule change and now there was a conflict so we put somebody else on it. You know that's how it goes every time.
So I'm going to keep my mouth shut. All right, let's move on. We have some other news. Loki?
Yes, yes, yes. Unfortunately, we have news that there's been some take two shenanigans when it comes to Grand Theft Auto mods.
Yet again, they have gone through trying to DMCA copyright claim lots of different mods that are out there, including Vice City Remastered.
They had Liberty City Project, Open Manhunt, Bulworth. Yeah, so lots of different projects that are on ModDB that are getting taken down.
Basically, most of these mods had to do with taking older games like Vice City, for example, and porting it to the Grand Theft Auto 5 engine or porting it to newer engines.
And basically at this point, you know, they just want to say that they have literally nothing else they could do other than comply with this.
You know, they basically say it's worth noting that, you know, the EULA's for these games kind of forbid modifications, which is stupid if you ask me.
But they're, you know, they're trying to challenge it, but we'll see what actually happens with that.
Also, like the Grand Theft Auto 5 cheat menu was taken down as well, which is kind of annoying because those are fun.
But you may be wondering, why are they doing this?
Well, it's because Rockstar Games in their infinite wisdom is going to do the unthinkable.
No, they're just going to rerelease Grand Theft Auto again.
So they're apparently going to be putting out a trilogy of the PlayStation 2 games onto the Switch, including Grand Theft Auto 3, Vice City and San Andreas.
I am so sick of those games coming back out again.
Like, I don't think they need to be remastered.
They can't really be remastered anymore.
Those games look so basic, like you already did the upscale, you know, thing to this back in, you know, the Xbox 360 era and stuff like that.
Like, do we really need to do this again?
It's just stupid at this point, but whatever, it's going to become.
I'm surprised you're not, you're not interested, but I guess that's because...
I'm not interested because they haven't put out a new game in like years now.
Like when's the last time Grand Theft Auto 5 came out?
Well, that was like six years ago.
Probably even more than that, probably at this point.
Like, it's been a long time. Put out a new game. Like, seriously.
Our chat is lighting up on this. Mike Deft points out the thing is they keep selling. Yeah, that's true.
Well, the thing is, yeah, the online they keep putting stuff out for, but like, I just don't think, you know, this is worth, I'm not going to buy it on the Switch, that's for sure.
I have it already on PC. I don't need it. I played those games to death. Like, I don't need to do that.
Fifth Dream says we don't need remasters every gen, especially when they did it before three years ago.
SGA 100 map brings up an interesting legal issue that the games had. I'm really excited for the trilogy, though I wonder what the soundtracks will be like.
Yeah. Yeah, those soundtracks, they keep getting songs removed from it because they have to re-license it.
Like, I'd be more interested in them, with them bringing out either brand new game, first off, or having them like, say, update the game, like kind of do what the modders did.
You know, hey, let's bring these games into a modern engine or something like that. The problem is you can't really do that because those games had, were so limited by memory capacity and stuff that they're very, like, empty.
Well, maybe not so much San Andreas, but like, three. If you go back and play three, it's an empty map. Like, it's pretty empty.
Here's how you fix the soundtrack issue because the games are being re-released according to this rumor for the Nintendo Switch.
So what you do is you have Nintendo music replace the licensed music that was there before so that you can actually have, like, the doo doo doo doo doo doo doo as you're mass murdering people on the street.
And that would be a lot of fun, wouldn't it?
And then Waluigi can actually be a skin that you can download and replace the protagonist in any of the games with.
Wouldn't that be great?
Grant Theft Law Waluigi. I mean, talk about this series.
It will never do that. Like, they will never do that because, god forbid, they associate.
God forbid Waluigi is seen with a gun.
Never gonna happen.
So, like, I just don't, I'm not interested in these coming back.
Like, it's been, they've been released so many times already. Like, I don't need to have them come to the Switch.
Like, no one is, like, demanding that stuff.
And the last port that they did of these wasn't very good anyway.
So, why would I bother with it?
Like, honestly, the modders have probably done a better job porting that stuff over than these guys have.
And there's, like, a lot more exciting stuff that they've done.
Like, multiplayer and stuff like that.
So, I'd rather see that.
But we'll never see that because Rockstar makes a billion dollars off of their stupid Rock, you know, Grant Theft Auto Online.
Which is fine. That's entertaining for people.
But, like, kind of want a new game.
I don't want to play Grant Theft Auto Online because it's a grindy shitfest.
And the people that play it, or a lot of the people that play it, are complete assholes.
So, I don't want to play with them.
I would rather just, you know, play a new game.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, sure, how about Mario, Luigi, Wario, and Waluigi covered overalls or something for the characters?
That's just plumber clothes or something that they could release.
Yeah, but that would be effort beyond just porting the game over to a new engine.
Sure, whatever. It's never going to happen.
Okay, Estio 100 Matt has the very practical answer here that Loki, surely you have to be considering is that, why not both?
Why not come out with this while they make the new one?
Not like these games are taking away assets from the team making the new game.
They're not even Rockstar. It's probably going to be porting this stuff over.
They're going to outsource it to a third-party company to do this.
It's literally no work for them.
So, maybe there will be a Grant Theft Auto 6 someday.
Yeah, eventually someday. But do I really want to play that?
Look at how they've supported Red Dead 2. It's pretty awesome.
But they haven't supported Red Dead Online at all because they're not making as much money off of it.
I would even be fine with them.
You know what I'd really like to see it port of?
You want to do an HD remaster or something?
HD remaster the Grant Theft Auto 4 games.
That's what you need to do.
That would get me interested in actually playing that stuff.
Because those games were fun.
And that hasn't been remastered yet.
So, there you go. Do that.
Not the first, not 3, 4, or not 3 in Vice City.
3, 3, and 3.
3, 3, and 3, yeah.
Well, hey, that's three different games. You know what?
We've had Grant Theft Auto 5 on three different generations of consoles at this point.
So, it's like, whatever.
Grant Theft Auto 5 is going to become the meme that Skyrim is at some point soon.
If not already.
Alright, not until we have an Alexa version, that's for sure.
Oops, sorry, I said the name of the device. Sorry if I set it off.
But, you know what though?
You know what?
As much crap as we give Todd Howard and Skyrim and shoving that down our throats every few years?
At least that game I can use mods in.
So, you know.
Douche.
Alright, let's move on. Let's talk about another online game.
One that I play way too much of.
Dead by Daylight, and Dead by Daylight, you know, for as fucking buggy as fuck as that game is sometimes.
Somehow it is still insanely popular.
You know there's like two maps right now they just had to disable?
Because somehow they broke.
And it's because of the way that this game is just spaghetti coded and it's been that way for like the past five years.
But yet the game is so damn much fun.
And it's a lot of fun to watch.
I love watching people play it on Twitch.
It's just so exciting and all that stuff.
But anyway, obviously you all know I'm a fan of Dead by Daylight.
So is Dark Sakura as well.
And, you know, just a few months ago we had the release of the Resident Evil chapter.
Which gave Jill, Leon, and then of course you could actually change Jill into Claire.
You could change Leon into Chris.
And Nemesis. There's like five different characters that got added to Dead by Daylight with that.
It's a lot of fun.
So we're already looking at what is the next DLC to come out.
What's kind of interesting is that usually you don't get a bunch of licensed stuff back to back.
You get original characters.
And Dead by Daylight has some, you know, pretty interesting original killers as well.
Like the Blight was a recent killer.
The Trickster was, you know, in a recent patch.
And is a very good character even if he's got a lot of balance problems in the game right now.
But that's the buggy part.
But it looks like if rumors are to be believed, and honestly I'm talking rumors to the point of
even Dead by Daylight is posting their own teasers and people are putting it together.
It looks like we are getting another license as the next DLC.
And it's going to be Hellraiser is going to be the next DLC for Dead by Daylight.
And I think that is pretty interesting.
Because what's also interesting about this is that it may not actually be a full DLC.
It may be what they call a paragraph, which means it is just a killer or a survivor.
And in the case of Hellraiser, obviously it's going to be Pinhead.
It's going to be a survivor.
Obviously it's Pinhead.
It's just the question is what form of Pinhead is it going to be.
And I think they actually have another name, Cenobites or whatever.
There is a lady Cenobite.
So maybe there could be DLC, I don't know.
But assumably the iconic Pinhead from the 1987.
It's going to be Gottmik as Pinhead because you all know I love my Drag Race.
But I doubt that will be a DLC.
But the iconic 1987 Pinhead is almost certainly going to be in the game.
We will find out on Tuesday.
Public Test Realm goes live on Tuesday and we are going to see do we get a survivor with it.
Because quick, name a character from the Hellraiser franchise.
And some of the horror movie buffs probably can jump right in and say something.
But there is not as many iconic survivors.
But if you look at Dead by Daylight's history, Ghostface didn't come with a survivor.
And if anything deserved to come with a survivor, that should have.
You absolutely should have had Casey, Drew Barrymore, or Neve Campbell, or Gail Weathers, or fucking all of them honestly.
There's so many people.
Not putting one of those strong women as a survivor was quite frankly homophobic on the part of Behavior Entertainment.
And I'm going to be tweeting them how they are homophobic by not including the entire cast of Scream in their DLC.
I saw people thinking that there was going to be a character from Five Nights at Freddy's as one of the killers as well.
Well apparently a lot of the same type of teaser stuff kind of works for Five Nights at Freddy's.
But they went so far as to, well this most latest one, it says 1987 in the corner.
When Behavior uploaded it to a Chinese YouTube website, whatever their version of YouTube is, they forgot that the file names are visible on there.
And it actually was called Hellraiser Teaser.
And this was by the official...
And horror fans knew. Because there's this TV static and you see an image in it.
And they 100% knew it was Hellraiser from that.
So, s2100matt says curious what the level would be. There may not be one.
If it is a paragraph and it's just the killer, again Ghostface was that way.
Bubba or Leatherface from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre was also that way.
There was no map because it was only the killer and no survivor.
They've also done the other way around where there's a survivor and no killer and they didn't get maps either.
Bill from Left 4 Dead is a good example of that.
Ash from Evil Dead is another good example of that.
Ash from Evil Dead is the one piece of DLC I do not own for Dead by Daylight because he's not a good character in the game.
Sorry. No slander to the Evil Dead fans, but his perks suck.
He's too loud, so it's one I've really been putting off, that's for sure.
Questbuster in chat says I hope Pinhead will get to say I have such sights to show you in the game.
They don't usually talk, but maybe. So I don't know.
Locopoco corrects me and says Leatherface had a variation of a map. He came with the Grim Pantry map.
Okay, my bad. I didn't think he came with a map. So I guess there is that.
And then Locopoco does also point out licensing back to back has happened before because there was Ghostface and Stranger Things.
Alright, fair enough.
But you still get what I'm saying is that don't put your expectations that every pack for Dead by Daylight is going to be licensed characters.
I really thought that we were going to get Candyman because that was where some of the early rumors were at.
And with the new movie coming out it makes perfect sense, so I'm kind of surprised it's not that.
But maybe that'll be the next one. That would be really something if we got three licenses in a row.
But yeah, that would be something else.
Anyway, we don't know what the talents are going to be or anything like that. Again, we'll find out on Tuesday.
Some people are saying they creep teleport, so maybe there would be a teleportation type of thing.
The only character I could think of that functions similarly is Nurse kind of does this teleport thing.
So it could be interesting if that's the mechanic that they, I mean, obviously you don't want to just see a carbon copy of another killer.
You know, Nemesis kind of, you know, they added some neat things for Nemesis, I gotta say.
Even though the virus type of thing is sort of in the game with the plague, although it functions a lot differently,
that whole fact that Nemesis has the AI zombies, that was like a completely new thing.
So it'll be interesting if they, maybe they'll bring something new to the table for Pinhead as well. I don't know.
So anyway, by the time some of you hear this podcast, if you listen midweek, that information may already be out there.
So that'll be exciting to see. Loki, do you keep changing camera angles? What the hell are you doing over there?
No, my camera, it, so my camera software keeps defaulting to my camera that's in my actual laptop for God knows what reason.
I don't know why, but I noticed it like switching it. I keep switching it back and it's like, no, I want to do the other camera.
I don't know what the hell's wrong with it. Sorry, sorry, podcast folks.
I'm going to shut the, I'm going to shut the camera off for a second.
Every time I look up there, Loki's doing this camera one, camera two, camera one, camera two.
And I'm like, stop it. What do you show? What do you, why are you switching your camera?
I'm not the software's in like, why are you doing this? Like stop doing that.
I get it. I get it now. Yeah. I'm having similar problems.
Some of you that watch the show live probably notice I'm always having to reset my camera at the top of the show.
That's because for some reason Discord for, and cause I do that call with Bobby on his show right before we do this.
Discord for whatever reason forces me to use low resolution and I can't change it.
And so when we start, if I don't remember to change it between the two shows, it doesn't start high res for this one, which is so weird.
Anyway, um, SHJ100Matt in chat says, if they ever decide to end the game Dead by Daylight, which I'm not advocating, the last DLC should be a space level because every horror series eventually ends in space.
Well, in my opinion, absolutely the last quote unquote DLC.
Are we seeing Jason X DLC?
Thank you for taking my joke before I'm finished.
Yes. I think Jason should be the last DLC they ever do because it would be one of those we finished where we started kind of things.
Because you might remember Dead by Daylight came out like only a couple months after that Friday the 13th game came out and then Friday the 13th had all those issues with the licenses and everything.
So it, it unfortunately kind of stalled out even though that was a great game when it first came out, but they hit so many issues licensing and things didn't really go anywhere.
So if Jason came to Dead by Daylight, that would really be full circle and absolutely it should be Jason in space.
It's Freddy Krueger in the game?
Yes. Well, new Freddy is in the game.
New Freddy? Eh, who cares?
Yeah, it's still Freddy. But the survivor character is Quentin, who's a character from the reboot, not in the original.
So that is a little weird, but that's, they were trying to push the newer movie, which for whatever reason was five years old at that time.
It was easier to get the rights. That's probably what it was. It was easier to get the rights to Jackie Earle Haley's face than it was Robert Englund probably. That's my guess anyway.
A lot of people in chat wanting Alien, Xenomorph, Predator.
Somebody was asking me about this the other day was like, could we get an Alien character, you know, something that's not like a human in Dead by Daylight?
And my answer was, well, we got Demogorgon. So yes, anything's possible. Anything's possible if you dream.
No one special says, what about Warwick Davis leprechaun character? Dude, that would be awesome.
The character I most want to see more than anything, as much as I joke about Drag Race, no, the character I most want to see more than anything is Tim Curry's Pennywise.
That's the character I want in Dead by Daylight more than anything. And the sad thing is there already is a clown character, but he's more of a clown.
Dead by Daylight kind of had this problem in the beginning anyway. It borrows a lot from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
And then they put in Billy, or the hillbilly, who is a chainsaw character, who is very much an homage to that.
And then they get the license for Texas Chainsaw Massacre, so they have to create a second chainsaw killer.
Has he just gotten rid of the other one? I mean, I don't know.
The clown that's in the game now is very much the drunken clown stereotype type of thing.
So I think if they did a Tim Curry, Pennywise clown, they could make it very different. It wouldn't have to be the same thing.
That is my dream killer for Dead by Daylight, in case this comes up on a quiz in the future, is that Tim Curry is Pennywise.
Although with my luck, I will get the reboot Pennywise. Part of me says I would still take it, but no, I wouldn't. I reject it.
I would take new Pennywise as long as there's a way to get the skin for the old Pennywise, if that makes sense.
That's what I want. Alright. Enough Dead by Daylight. You hear enough of that on DarkSakura's stream and sometimes my personal stream when I stream.
We play a lot of Dead by Daylight, but that's because despite the buggy fucking mess that it is, it really is.
I loved when Jamie put it a couple weeks ago on the show, the Marvel Avengers universe of horror, and that really is what it is.
Wasn't that supposed to be the MonsterVerse and they never did anything with that aside from the Mummy movie, which sucked?
Yeah. I think they're still trying to make that happen, actually.
They are. Well, I'm sorry. No, it's not just the Mummy movie because it's the Mummy movie and the Invisible Man, but I don't think that movie is good either.
Maybe that movie was better than the Mummy. I mean, it's got to be better than Mummy, but it ain't gonna happen. Sorry.
Anything's possible. I never thought we'd see half these characters we're seeing in Dead by Daylight, so there is that.
All right. Let's move on. Next story, Loki.
Yeah. So PAX Australia has been canceled and they're replacing it with an online show.
Gee, I wonder why could it be this COVID-19 everywhere?
So, yeah, I mean, it's not a huge surprise that obviously a lot of these events are going online only for this year because things aren't necessarily getting better everywhere.
And there's a lot of people on vaccine and different Delta outbreaks, so it only makes sense.
So online only show will be the case for right now.
Yeah. Because it's important to point out PAX Prime, which actually hasn't been called that for like six years. I think it's now just PAX West.
PAX West is still happening Labor Day weekend. So you might be looking at this going, why is PAX Australia getting canceled when PAX West is still happening?
And the simple answer is the COVID situation in Australia is extremely different because they kind of dodged it the first time it was going around like this Delta variants really hitting them now.
So that's the kind of the difference. Unfortunately, you know, obviously we don't like to talk about COVID hitting areas.
And I think a lot fewer people vaccinated in Australia, if I'm not mistaken.
I don't know. Yeah.
That's what it boils down to, too. So it's a little different here where in the States anyone can get vaccinated at this point if they want it.
So it's just, you know.
You know. Yeah. All right. Moving on. Let's talk about the ID at Xbox event because we talked about the Nintendo indie event.
So let's talk a little bit about the Microsoft equivalent. So they had ID at Xbox.
So we also got some updates on some Xbox games and some this. I thought of you, Loki, with this first game on my list here, Lightyear Frontier.
Have you seen this? Because it's like a fart. It's a farming game with Max.
I mean, every farming game needs Max. So I'm down.
Loki, somebody literally thought the same thing and made this game. So you really should check this out.
It's four player co-op, but of course you can play it solo as well. And it's going to come out on Xbox and PC in 2022.
Apparently there is a mystery driven narrative that will keep you coming back for more Max.
The mystery is why do we have Max in this farming game?
Loki, why not have Max in this farming game?
That's what I want to see. Like, you know how we have like Battlefield 1 and Battlefield 2042? I want to see farming simulator 2042 with Max in it.
Yes. Yeah. There you go. Why not?
If you want your farming sims more traditional because you're, you know, boring. No, just kidding.
Stardew Valley is certainly not boring. A lot of people love that game and it's coming out on Xbox Game Pass this fall.
So if you've been putting off Stardew Valley, I suppose you can check that out. So another win for Xbox Game Pass there. That's pretty cool.
The Artful Escape is another game coming out. It is a teenage guitar prodigy who becomes a folk music legend.
And there's some various voice talents in this game, which is kind of interesting. It will be on Game Pass 9-9, September 9th. So that's kind of fun.
Sam & Max Save the World Remastered, out now. If you want to check that out, that was announced.
OlliOlli World will run at 120 frames a second and 4K in its cartoony style.
It's a skateboarding action platformer game, which is, it's actually the third game in the OlliOlli series. So that is out winter this year.
Aeon Drive was also talked about, which is I guess an action game, but it has a speedrun type of twist. So it sounds like fans of speedrunners will like that.
Alright. No, this was the game that Jason talked about in the intro, because this is too fucking good.
Pupparazzi. It is a game where you take pictures of dogs. Period. End of sentence. What the fuck else do I need to tell you?
It's poking up on Snap, but it's dogs. And it's going to be on Xbox Game Pass, so many of you are not going to have to pay an extra fee to play it.
It is awesome.
Not only do you take pictures of them, you play fetch with them, you pet them, and you just hang out with dogs.
And I love how they have no walking animations, any of them. That's the best part.
The graphics are a little bit of a throwback.
I love that.
Fifth Dream in chat says cat version instabyte. Look, and I am a cat person, you all know that.
I would be hard pressed to resist a good puppy game, or a good dog taking picture game. I love Nintendogs, even before they put cats in it.
Especially the fact it's on Game Pass. That's all I need. It's not going to cost me anything.
And the best part, the art style reminds me a bit of Katamari as well.
Kinda, yeah.
Or, you know, the original Pokemon Snap, but yeah.
Anyway, sj100matt wants to point out it's on Steam as well, if you want to check it out there.
Of course, Xbox Game Pass as well, so think about that.
Aragame 2 is coming out on Game Pass on September 17th. It's of course a sequel to Aragame.
It's a third person stealth game. I'm not big on stealth, but if you are, I bet this game will be up your alley.
You're an assassin, and all that good stuff. It's that type of game.
Evil Genius 2, World Domination. Guess what you do in that game?
You play a villain, and you are taking over the world, so have fun with that, Loki. It sounds like your kind of game.
Library of Ruina came out on the day of the press event, so that is also on Game Pass, if you want to check that out.
Pathfinder, Wrath of the Righteous, March 1st, 2022. That's a little ways out, but I think some people vary into these old school RPG type of games, and are going to be excited for that.
The Wandering Village. It is a city builder, but it's a city on the back of a creature. That's kind of interesting, a little twist on the usual formula.
Lab Rat, coming out on Xbox next year. It's kind of Portal, but more 2.5D than it is 3D. So those of you that get motion sick with your 3D games, should be a little easier to digest.
And, I love this because we were just fucking talking about this last week. RPG time. The Legend of Right. It's an RPG, but it's all inside a notebook.
Like a drawn type of thing. The graphics look really good. But then I also think about that. Loki, what was that fucking, it was the David Jaffe game that was all hand drawn, and came out on Playstation.
It flopped. Hard. Yeah.
Yeah, but that was different though.
No, it was different. It was different. So I hope this game finds successes where drawn to death, or whatever that was called, did not.
I think that's what it's called.
Maybe I'm thinking of just drawing to life, and that's a whole different game.
Maybe. I don't remember. Doesn't matter.
Inked. A Tale of Love. A very artistic type of game. Coming out on August 27th. You travel the world on paper with your partner, but then you kind of work with loss and things like that.
And there's a puzzle filled quest to gain things back. Interesting. Sounds very artsy, very plot driven. I'm into it.
The Big Con is another game coming out. A runaway teen who cons their way across America in the 90s, and it has the art style.
It looks like a 90s cartoon.
It looks like an episode of Doug. Yeah, I was going to say.
It looks cool. I like that.
The Veil, Shadow of the Crown. An audio only game. You play as a blind adventurer who has been made warden of a small castle on the outskirts of the kingdom. August 19th. Interesting.
This could be very interesting. I want to check this out.
Space Lines from the Far Out just got a demo released, and that was the last thing that they announced. So lots of good stuff at the end. This was a great week for indies.
The news was a little bit slower with the AAA stuff, but nothing short on the indie front, that's for sure.
Alright. Let's go to our next story. Logie?
Yeah, so this is kind of a follow up to the whole ROM universe thing. I think they had sued them not that long ago.
So now they're being ordered to destroy any of the ROMs that they have on their site.
And yeah, permanently destroy all unauthorized Nintendo games and otherwise unauthorized copies of Nintendo intellectual property, including movies, books, and music.
And they have until the 17th to do that.
Yeah, I guess it makes sense. I mean, since they were selling access to the site to actually gain access to these ROMs, which probably got them in more trouble than they would have if they were just offering up for free.
Yeah, it also strikes me as the type of thing where they're really trying to find loopholes to continue to get away with it.
And Nintendo is very much like, will you please shut it down, court, please?
Yeah, so they won the lawsuit against ROM universe in 2019. And it says that they were awarded $2.1 million in damages.
And it says, which would be paid by ROM universes owner Matthew Storman in $50 monthly payments.
Yeah, they're never gonna get that back.
So, but apparently, even even with the such a low amount being paid to Nintendo, which, honestly, for stealing a bunch of their property $50 a month doesn't sound that bad.
I mean, that some some of the combined price of all your streaming services might not even be that much.
But apparently, he had failed to make his first $50 payment back in July. So like, Nintendo was on his ass.
Yeah, that's like, that's like that whole, you're gonna make a $5 payment every month to settle the hospital bill that's which, without, you know, it shouldn't be a thing in this country, but I'm not going to go there tonight.
But it sounds very similar to that whole type of thing, the payment arrangement type of thing. So, hmm.
Anyway, moving on, this is your weekly reminder, there are still many issues going on at Activision Blizzard King.
And the employees, it's namely that the employees have written a letter that has not really gone responded to by the higher ups at Activision Blizzard.
So reminder that this issue is not over yet. And what has happened this week, though, is that there were more employees let go from the company.
Three high profile employees at Blizzard, no longer there. When I talk about high profile, I mean, one of them is Jesse McCree.
And you know, the character in Overwatch? Yeah, was named after this guy, so gone.
And even what's interesting now, some of the like, I was reading some stories on this, some of the commentators for the Overwatch type of gameplays and stuff are now calling that character the cowboy.
And they weren't directed to, they just did it out of their own, we think this is a good idea type of thing.
Like just started calling the character the cowboy, as opposed to his name in the game, which I think is very interesting.
Anyway, Luis Berrija, who was Diablo 4's game director, and Jesse McCree was the lead designer.
And then World of Warcraft designer Jonathan LaCraft, all let go from the company.
No reason was given for the departure? We can guess, I mean, that's what people are doing, because we have not been given reasons.
It was noted in a statement that there are new leaders in place where appropriate, and everything will be moving forward to ensure a safe, productive work environment for all.
Mike Deft in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, I know Overwatch League, I didn't know if it was Overwatch League commentators, or if it was another Overwatch thing.
Because Overwatch League isn't the only organized group of Overwatch sports on YouTube or Twitch that has commentating going on behind us.
I couldn't remember if it was specifically the OWL that was having that, or what was happening there.
Something of interesting note, two of these folks were in that infamous 2013 photo of the Cosby suite at Blizzcon, one of them front and center.
Just, again, we don't have an official reason why these folks were let go, but we're certainly reading the tea leaves, aren't we internet?
So, yes. Anyway, so that happened. I mean, assuming this, and I have to make an assumption, because of course they're not going to comment on the reasons, but assuming the timing and the lack of comment means it is tied to all this other investigation and stuff going on, then I say,
Buh-bye. Don't let the door hit ya. Yep. Cleaning house, says DJ Romas. Yep, yep.
Questbuster points out that McCree's name was also a part of the chat log that was screenshotted about the Cosby suite. I'm gonna give that five yikes out of five. Alright.
Alright, let's go back to a simpler time in gaming with our next segment, which is brought to us in a prior recorded segment earlier today from the one and only DarkSakura, who is not with us here tonight, because again, if you're just getting here, she is out sick.
So her voice, she didn't think would hold out for a couple of hours tonight during the show, but she did put together this about ten minute segment for you guys, and I'm sure you all know what time it is.
The classic game of the week is Baldur's Gate, which came out for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS on December 21st, 1998 for PC and July 31st, 2000 for Mac OS.
It is a fantasy role playing game that was developed by BioWare and published by Interplay Entertainment, and it is the first in the Baldur's Gate series.
It takes place in Forgotten Realms, which is one of the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons second edition sets. They're actually using modified versions of the rules from the rulebook for that game.
It was also the first game to use the Infinity Engine for its graphics, and then Interplay has used that for other Forgotten Realms licensed games, including the Icewind Dale and some of the other games like Planescape Torment.
At any rate, you make your own protagonist, and you have to go across the Sword Coast with a party of companions to see why this iron crisis is affecting the area, and then you have to see who's behind it and look for dark secrets and stuff like that.
As far as how it plays, how it looks, you start with a top-down, isometric, third-person perspective. You go through pre-rendered locations, you have quests, you recruit your companions, and it's very much like playing tabletop D&D.
You do have, of course, the advantage of keyboard shortcuts and whatnot, using your mouse, etc.
And like I said before, it uses the modified version of the second edition D&D rules, including looking at your statistics, your dice rolling, and you do play, of course, in real-time, but some of the elements in the rule sets were modified to feature a pause real-time mode where you could just sort of stop the play right there.
When you start a new playthrough, you can actually bring in your old character or create a new one. You have different points in combat. You have to determine your name, gender, race, class, alignment, your ability scores, weapon proficiencies, things like that, just like when you're starting an original AD&D game for second edition.
You can do multi-classes, but it still follows those rules. For example, if you're a fighter and a cleric, you can only use the cleric's weapons. It's kind of like that.
So it's an eight-part game. You have a prologue and seven chapters, and you have to do different tasks to complete it. You get experience points, you level up. It is like playing tabletop D&D, just as a video game.
The inventory in there is what's referred to as sort of like a paper doll mechanic that you equip items, depending on what type they are, weapons, ammos, armor, helmet, necklace, rings, belt, cloak, feet, and usable items.
So it does affect your weight limit, which affects your strength score, which affects your rolls. I mean, it is very, very second edition D&D.
You can converse with NPCs, non-playable characters, and you actually have meters with them that give you those various options.
Other features that will affect the gameplay is customizing your player character after creation, changing your primary and minor colors for the character, switching on and off the game AI.
Different locations will have different dynamics based on what you do, like fog or actually casting fog of war will do something. You have different things like that.
You have in-game changes that you can keep up with character fatigue. If you spend a whole day traveling, then your fatigue is going to affect you or else you have to rest.
So in other things like that, like I said, it's set in the Forgotten Realms settings in 1368 DR in the midst of an iron shortage.
It brings in some many things from the Forgotten Realms playbooks, such as the Zhentarim, the Red Wizards of Thay, the Iron Throne, the Flaming Fist, the Chill, the Black Talons, and the Harpers.
You can have about 25 players who can join your PC, and there are some who are official Forgotten Realms canon, including Dritz Dorden and Elminster. If you don't know who they are, then you are not old school D&D.
At any rate, it began development in 1995 by BioWare in Canada. It was just called Forgotten Realms, and it was going to be based in general on Forgotten Realms.
They just kept working on it. With this, what was new about it is that instead of building the game from tiles like previous ones have, the characters are individually rendered.
It took a lot of time to develop the game for the technology at that time. The 60 people team had basically never participated in any kind of video game release, so they just kept the design simple so that they could keep their ship date in mind.
As far as the sales go, Baldur's Gate did have very low sales. In Britain, at least, they said that they projected zero sales.
As far as the retail shippers, as of December 21st, it began to sell at a phenomenal rate. The first run of 50,000 copies sold out immediately, and they had Interplay working hard on getting more copies published.
In the US, it remained in PC Data's weekly top three from January 10th to February 6th, and claimed number one for January, with sales of 80,500 copies and revenues of $3.6 million in the US alone.
There were shortages of the game. It was in very, very high demand, and it maintained its unbroken streak in the top 10 through May 27th for that magazine.
It popped off the list for a little bit, and then it came right back. And then, of course, there was the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion. It put it right back up on the list.
So, with the game having continuously sold well into, like, 2003 and later, yeah, it's one of those games that, even if you haven't played it, you probably know about it.
Some of the gameplay in it was compared to the first Diablo, but of course it had a more extensive selection of different options, different features.
But they didn't care for the pixel-based characters, but they loved the rendered backgrounds, and they said that it was beautiful.
It was named the best computer role-playing game of 1998 by the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences, the Academy of Adventure Gaming Arts and Design, and several other magazines. Plenty of them.
And computer games, RPG Vault, a few others basically presented at their Game of the Year awards.
As far as its legacy is concerned, it really revived the RPG genre, as in, like, the Western style. And it basically brought, to quote John Harris of Gamasutra, it rescued computer D&D from the wastebasket.
It was the first, like I said, in the Baldur's Gate series. It had an expansion called Tales of the Sword Coast in 1999, and then Baldur's Gate 2 Shadow of Amn in 2000, its expansion Throne of Baal in 2001.
And then of course there were other games by BioWare and Black Isle Studios, Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale, Icewind Dale 2. There was a Baldur's Gate novel that Philip Athens wrote in 1999 based on the game.
It was re-released as a Baldur's Gate double pack with expansions and whatnot, and then there were multi-game expansions later on.
It was released on GOG in 2010, so it's available via GameStop app as part of the D&D anthology, The Master Collection, which has pretty much a bunch of the Icewind Dale Planescapes.
The Temple of Elemental Evil, which I've actually played that as a desktop game.
Then in 2012 there was a remake Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition that was supposed to be out Summer 2012.
And then they also said that that was going to be released for iPad.
And then it kept getting delayed, and then finally it was launched for Windows November 20, 2012.
iPads running iOS 6 or greater on December 7, 2012, and Mac OS X February 22, 2013, Android April 17, 2014.
And apparently Baldur's Gate 3 is in development by Larian Studios.
And then Skybound Games brought the Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition to PS4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch on October 15, 2019.
So we're still seeing fairly recent releases of Baldur's Gate. It's really one of those, I would say, iconic PC games.
Like I said, if you haven't played it, you should still at least have known about it.
And so that's the classic game, now that I'm starting to sound like frog.
So again, check it out. You've got options, recent options, that will allow you to play that game.
And if you have good memories of it or want more questions about it, feel free to email us at participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
so that I can read your email and we'll talk about it.
In the interim, stay classic.
All right, there it is, the classic game of the week. Thank you, Dark Soccer, for that segment. Baldur's Gate is the game of the week.
She's not here live in studio for us to really talk about it further, but I'll have to bug her about it next week.
That is really an all-time computing classic. And yeah, it's still getting all sorts of recent releases there.
She kind of called out at the end there, so very nice.
All right, let's get back into some more news. We're going to do some rapid-fire news, in fact.
So, Loki, why don't you take us around some other headlines pretty quick?
Yes, so Idris Elba has teased that he is going to be voicing the character Knuckles in the brand new Sonic the Hedgehog movie.
So, that'll be coming soon.
Honestly, he tweeted out a picture of Knuckles' hand and saying, you know, knock, knock, which someone said is from Sonic Adventures.
I thought it was a reference to Kung Fury because they make a joke, you know, knock, knock, who's there?
Knuckles, you know, I thought that was a reference there.
But apparently, no, I was reading too far into that, but that's pretty cool.
So, we'll see that come out next year.
And then also, apparently, there was an exploit that Valve has now patched that allowed you to get infinite Steam wallet money.
And apparently, a security researcher on HackerOne recently submitted an exploit that could be used on Steam to gain unlimited funds.
It has since been patched and they have rewarded the person who found this with $7,500.
Tells me they probably have gotten a lot more Steam wallet money than the $7,500.
But yes, so that was thanks to Dr. Bricks.
I'm curious to see how that worked out.
But it's something that had to do with like different payment systems and email addresses.
Yeah, using the smart to pay payment method.
So, neat.
All right. We are looking at Arcade Archives, which is a very robust release of classic arcade games on the Switch.
It's basically MAME, but legal, right?
You know, and they have a lot of nice options so you can kind of emulate the game in different ways.
And they've got, I think they celebrated over 100 games in that series not that long ago.
And now we know the next one coming out.
And it just came out this past week.
Actually, it's Curry Kinton is out this week, which is a martial art game that came out from Taito in 1988.
It's available now on Switch and PS4 for $8.
So enjoy that.
Also, I thought this was funny because this was observed by our own Dark Tetsuya who sometimes feeds us stories to talk about on the show.
And I thought this was worth bringing up is that there is a comprehensive list out there on Twitter that was put together by this user partytimehxlnt.
Excellent.
Oh, I get it. Partytimehxlnt. I get that. Okay, guys, got it.
Who put together a list of new homebrew games for classic consoles.
And it's a list that's available on itch.io so you can actually see,
oh, here's a bunch of itch.io games that are like made for old console hardware like a Sega Master System or an NES.
And guess what? Pixel Poops number two made the list.
Good for you, Loki.
Yeah.
You're getting recognized.
Getting some recognition out there.
Love that.
All right.
And yes, that was news I felt like reporting on.
What can I say?
It was a slow week.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
This is where people are going to scream conflict of interest, ethics.
Look, we have none of this.
Yeah. First off, we have none of this.
Second off, you know what?
Loki worked very hard on that game.
If we're going to cheap shill it, we're going to keep shilling it until more you buy it.
That's the way it's going to be.
All right.
Let's get into some release dates.
Let's check out some games that aren't Pixel Poops.
I don't know why you'd play them, but they're out on other systems this week.
Loki.
Yeah, we've got Road 96 out on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Humankind on PC, Mac and Stadia.
12 Minutes, which is that time loop game that's going to be coming out on PC, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
Oh, play that.
Recompile on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.
Rims Racing on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X.
Yoni on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X.
And we've got Ghost of Tsushima Director's Cut on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
And last but not least, Madden NFL 22 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Stadia.
It's just the game from a couple of years ago.
So I don't know why you bother, but it's out this week.
Again.
Roster Update 22.
Right.
Going over to Japan and checking out the releases over there.
On the Nintendo Switch this week, we have Amnesia World for Nintendo Switch.
I'd tell you more about this game, but I forgot.
We also have coming out on the Nintendo...
Okay, it's a bad joke. Dad joke.
The protagonist wakes up and discovers that they lost all their memory and they have no idea who they are, what was going on.
And so they obviously have to go piece all that together.
It looks a little bit like one of those manga turned into a video game.
In fact, it probably is exactly what it is.
But that is out on the Switch this week.
We also have Phantasy Star Online 2 New Genesis Cloud.
That's kind of neat because that's one of those Switch releases in Japan where it runs off the cloud.
We only got, like, Control did that here, right?
Did we get, like, a Switch Control release that was cloud-based or something?
Yeah. We don't see a lot of those here, but there's more of them in Japan.
And so Phantasy Star Online 2 is one of them there.
You won't see that here, I'm sure, because I think Microsoft has some type of deal on the Phantasy Star Online 2 front.
So something to keep in mind.
However, going over to the PlayStation 5, you can get Yuoni this week is out in Japan on the 19th.
And I'm trying to see what this game is all about.
It looks like a scary game.
Test your courage in a dangerous game of hide-and-seek before initiating a terrifyingly twisted version of tag with abominations not of this world.
So it's Dead by Daylight.
Okay, it's not Dead by Daylight, but it has the same type of, like, hide-and-seek-or-die type of plot going on with this game.
We like scary games. That might be fun.
All right, there's your releases in Japan.
Are you able to do UK for me, Loki?
Yep.
Cool.
So in the UK, we've got, looks like Greek Memoirs of Azur on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch.
We have Humankind on PC.
Rims Racing looks like coming to PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch.
Ghosts of Tsushima, Director's Cut on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Seven Days to Die on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5.
Madden NFL 22 on all of the platforms.
And that's it.
All right.
We're going to do a few more stories, and then we'll open it up for the roundtable and see if you guys want to call in.
We'll do calls tonight if you want.
Head on over to the green room if that sounds like something you want to do.
And we can also talk about whatever other topics you might want to bring up in chat.
And I will also check the mailbag, although I think it was empty last I looked.
But I'll look.
Participate at orangelandtrader.com is the place to send an email.
Let's do some more news though, Loki.
Yeah.
So a group of senators have actually sent out some letters to big names in the game publishing industry in the US to try to get them to voluntarily adopt rules that are going to be implemented in the UK soon,
designed to protect children from exploitative practices and video games regarding loot boxes.
So I think this is the issue where they have like kind of the odds and stuff like that.
So apparently, this has gone out to Epic, Activision, Disney and Microsoft asking that they extend the UK's new age appropriate design code, the AADC regulation to American children in order to protect them from loot box gambling and microtransactions.
They won't.
And although they, I don't know, I don't think anything's going to come in.
They're not going to do it until you force them to do it.
So yeah, ain't going to happen.
It says the new law, the regulations set standards across 15 categories.
It focuses on high privacy by default, not sharing children's data and keeping geolocation off by default as well.
Yeah, I just I don't see them implementing this in the US because basically they make money off of people.
Well, I see some elements of it, you know, and this is this is the whole reason why we were kind of warning the gaming industry a long time ago about if you don't come up with a way to self-regulate yourself, the government's going to step in and do it for you and you're not going to like what they come up with.
Because and the subtext there is the government's not going to get it.
They're not going to understand. They're going to show that they're out of touch. And the fact that, you know, you don't really have a lot of, you know, you don't have a good mix of generations in public.
You know what I mean? How many zoomers and millennials are in public office all the way in Washington?
There's a handful of millennials, but not enough.
There's too many people that don't understand this industry making these.
That's that's why when the Supreme Court ruled on Schwarzenegger and the ESA or whatever that was years ago that I was shocked that they actually were calling out things like Mortal Kombat and stuff in the decisions, although I'm sure their legal staff to fill them in on that.
But it just goes to show that, like people more in touch with games are a little clued into like what's going to work and what's not going to work.
And, you know, it just it just seems like there's stuff in this that is very out of touch. And I hope they fix it up.
Yeah. And I and honestly, I think like with the it's it's nice to think of the children and stuff in as far as exploiting them with loot boxes.
But at the same time, like.
Children don't really have money.
It's the parents that do and assuming that, you know, I and I know there's some cases where children have like access to like the parents put their card in to the system and like save my information to make it easier to make payments later.
And the kid can rack up, you know, stuff like that.
But I don't think that those are necessarily as common as you might think.
I think if anything, it's more folks that have kind of the gambling compulsion and whatnot that feel they basically are encouraged to buy.
And those folks are adults. And at the same time, though, I think that we should just be removing the whole, you know, kind of gambling aspect out of these games when it comes to loot boxes anyways.
More so for the adults who might be susceptible to that, because that's where a lot of this money is coming from.
I don't think kids are necessarily buying a ton of stuff. Now, that said, though, like my son, for example, got about 150 bucks worth of Roblox, Robux, and it like dumped that immediately, like just spent it all.
So like, I get it that like, you know, they kids aren't the best in like being able to manage money, but they're only managing the money that you give them.
And assuming that you're not an idiot that puts your payment information saves it to, you know, your console.
And, you know, assuming that it's not like a child stealing a credit card or something like that to pay for stuff, which I'm sure there's situations where that happens.
But like, I think for the most part, it doesn't like that.
I just still think it's a bad idea all around. And so, you know, sure, let's focus on making rules for children to protect them, but like.
I don't think that they really need a lot of protecting when it comes to this kind of stuff. I think it's more of like maybe curvy and habits for like in the future.
Well, I think the transparency on the odds and like what is actually in the loot boxes and all that, that's fine. I don't have a problem with that for sure.
I think there is a lot of predatory behavior from the game companies on this, but when they start to kind of.
I felt like, especially from some of the interpretations of this, they were kind of like sneaking these other things in there about like video games are too violent.
It was like somewhere in there and it was like, well, that's that's not the discussion.
Yeah, movie. What about movies are too violent? What about books are too violent? What about art is too violent?
What about, you know, you go see those, you know, classic pieces from ancient Greece of the person carrying around the decapitated head.
That's kind of violent if you think about it. Like art sometimes reflects violence.
And I'm just sick of the gaming industry continuously getting shit on for it.
And I guess just the gaming industry right now, like it'll be like if VR takes off, like it's, you know, someday or whatever, they'll blame that.
They'll be like, it's so immersive. There's killing simulators out there. And like, it'll get ridiculous.
I'm sure. Just mark my words. Ten years. That'll definitely happen.
But like, it's just they blame anybody because they don't mean look at the how many mass shootings do we have?
And they always blame everything other than gun regulation. Oh, let's blame media.
Let's blame, you know, they saw people getting angry in the street. So, you know, they took offense like they will blame anybody because why?
The gun lobbies pay them to have that kind of opinion. They throw all they care about is money.
And that's all these companies care about is money. So they're going to do everything they can to ensure that they're getting tons of loot boxes.
If that means like taking loot boxes out of, you know, certain types of games that may appeal more to children, then sure.
But like, I think for like, you know, FIFA Ultimate Team and stuff like that, like they're making a ton of money.
And I don't know who's buying those. I mean, some people are probably buying them just to play the game.
But like, I feel that some people might have a compulsion to buy them as well.
Like whether they're just like so, you know, competitive that they feel that they need to do this to stay competitive.
It just might kind of justify it to themselves as, well, this is what I have to do to be competitive in this game. Like, I don't know.
Like Pokemon Unite? You're talking about the generational gap and all that stuff.
And since you brought up VR, it just made me think of this thing where it's like, you know, sometimes I will still see things on the news or reports and things like that that will bring up VR and talk about VR.
And then show footage of the lawnmower man. That is exactly how you can tell that the person that is, you know, reporting on this doesn't fucking know a thing about VR.
Because they still associate it with a not even good movie from the 90s, because that was pop culture's first kind of VR thing in the mainstream.
So seriously, look for it. Look for it. Look for one of these news channels, your local news talking about VR, and then they'll show a clip from the lawnmower man.
And that is how you instantly know the person who put this together doesn't know dick about VR. Or tits, whatever. They don't know anything about anything when it comes to VR.
Oh, that's hilarious.
Am I wrong, though?
Maybe they're just trolling.
No, it's like, it's like, it's their system with archive footage and they go into a VR footage archive and there's always, like, number one result, lawnmower man, it's like an internal Google thing they all use to find the stock footage.
I hope someday they cover lawn mowing and actually show the lawnmower man for that too. That'd be hilarious.
Questbuster in chat says it reminds me of when someone from Britain exercising their right to request their personal information from a company like EA was shocked to learn how much they spent on FIFA Ultimate Team.
They spent a little here and there, but the record showed just how much in total they spent and it floored them.
Oh, if I ever had my records pulled on, like, how much money I'd given Niantic, I'll cry. I will full on man cry. Like, just because I'm sure it's in the four digits at this point. It's got to be.
It's got to be between Pokemon Go and Ingress across. How long have I been playing Ingress? Too fucking long. Like at least five years, if not more. I'm sure I've spent now in the four number of digits.
No, fuck. Pokemon Go just turned five. So Ingress, I've probably been playing for like seven or eight. Jesus.
Anyway, uh, yeah. And here's another fun game you can play. If you're an MMO player, here's a dare. I'm going to double dog dare you to do something. Okay, so fifth dream in chat says if I knew how much I spent on Final Fantasy 14. Yikes.
All right, here we go. Fifth dream. I'm going to double dog dare you. Log into Final Fantasy 14 and I want you to type slash played. It might be slash playtime in that game, but try both until it works.
And it's actually going to show you how many hours of your life you've spent playing that game. Fifth dream says, oh, I did that before.
I think we've all probably done it once and then had a moment where we were like, oh, fuck. Oh, my God. Really?
Yeah. Bobby Black Wolf in chat says EQ had slash played. It even converted it to days. Oh, so does. Wow, we'll do this too. Final Fantasy 14 does it and it'll convert it to days in both as well.
So dark to see you says, does that work on PlayStation four? Yes. You just have to either type it in like you're going to type a chat message or use your use your keyboard attachment.
But you're you're literally playing the exact same thing because you can even have a keyboard interface on the PlayStation four if you hook up a keyboard mouse like I did once.
So. All right. No one special in chat says with all the money I spent on Steam and GOG, I could have bought a brand new car. Yep. Yep. Very that.
Where was the comment on Lawnmower Man? Because it was funny. I wanted to read it. Let's see. Oh, SG100Matt says Lawnmower Man is probably free to use and they've kept the stock video they've kept around since the 1990s.
Yep. Hey, SheHulk10, I appreciate the positive outlook. SheHulk10 is here with the positive outlook on the slash played that says it shows you that you got your money's worth.
That's that's a much better outlook than look how much of your life you've wasted playing this bullshit.
You did. You got your money's worth. All right. Moving on. Let's talk about Castlevania and a Castlevania game that is coming to Apple Arcade. But don't get too excited. It's not exactly what you think.
But I mean, it looks pretty. It's a Castlevania game that's coming out for Apple Arcade, but it's a grimoire of souls. It'll be out on iOS, tvOS and Mac. You know, same places that something like Fantation is out.
This game was originally announced by Konami in 2018 and then it soft launched on iOS and then they removed it from the App Store last year, probably because they had this deal going in place instead.
So this is going to come out. And yeah, they're going to have some classic designs from Castlevania veterans and a lot of familiar playable characters as well.
You fight your way through Dracula's armies and then there's a co-op and bounty hunt mode. And I probably won't play it. Let's be real. It's just it's not Symphony of the Night or anything like it.
It's not even close to being one of the DS games or anything like that. So that's true.
That's true. SJ100Matt says Jamie will probably get it. And yeah, I mean, to be fair, she's talked about she plays Fantation. She has Apple Arcade. She probably will. It's like Xbox Game Pass. There's some things I will only play because, oh hey, it's on Game Pass. Why not?
I'm not at that point where I have Apple Arcade yet. I will probably get it eventually, but I just haven't got it yet. So, alright. Let's move on. Just a couple more stories for you guys. Loki.
So No Man's Sky is celebrating their fifth anniversary and along with a cool kind of look back trailer, kind of cataloging all the different updates that they've done to the game.
They also announced that they're going to be releasing yet another free update, which is apparently is the 17th update called Frontiers.
And it is coming out at some point soon. And they said that it's basically going to add a missing piece of the sci-fi fantasy that we always wanted to add. And it's very fitting for our fifth anniversary.
So no word exactly on what it's going to be, but I mean, they've been supporting this game like crazy. So definitely go check it out.
Yeah, I'm excited. I wish they would date the expansion because that also means they haven't done an expedition since that Mass Effect one.
And I thought it would be like Diablo Seasons where there was always kind of one going on with maybe a couple week break. We haven't had an expedition in months.
So, which it's fine. It's not. Look, that game has given us a lot. I'm not upset about it, but I'm very excited to see the next expansion. Yes.
Got another game that just turned five, right? So, yeah, that's that's awesome. You know, I love me some No Man's Sky.
I'll be streaming it. If there's another expedition, I'll absolutely stream it and be checking out whatever this expansion is.
I wonder, I wonder what it could be. It sounds like it's almost like another base building type of thing, but I could really be anything.
But at some point, you would think they're going to have to stop and start making a new game.
I mean, they probably are already working on a new game, but you would think they would want those resources. I don't know.
Anyway. All right. Something much older than five years old, but is just now going to be hitting the indie little retro throwback craze is the Amiga 500 mini.
I say indie because there's smaller companies that are doing these things. It is going to be very similar to the C64 mini because it's the same company doing it.
Retro Games. It is a reimagining of the Commodore Amiga. It will have the emulation of the original A500 chipset and the AGA.
That's the advanced graphics architecture of the A1200, the later Amiga. The A500 mini will come with a mouse and a gamepad.
And you can also plug in a standard keyboard over USB. So it will not be like that.
So there was a C64 mini that was very similar. And then they actually put out the C64 that was full size.
This Amiga thing isn't full size, but damn, that mouse looks legit. Like that is exactly what the Amiga mice look like.
25 games included, including Pinball Dreams, which I think is the must-have Amiga title in there.
But there's actually some really good shit in here.
ATR All-Terrain Racing, Battle Chess, Simon the Sorcerer, Worms the Director's Cut, Zool, Ninja of the Nth Dimension. Rad.
And that's just a little bit of the list. So that's pretty cool.
Of course you have save, resume functionality, 50 hertz and 60 hertz screen refresh options, CRT filter, blah blah blah.
What's it going to cost? $139 in US money, or 129 euros if you want to go that way.
So yeah, that's awesome. Due out in early 2022, so it doesn't look like it's going to make the holiday.
And I imagine all the computer part shortages probably play into that a little bit.
She-Hulk says, yeah, Commodore, it ruled the 80s. Sure, that was where I started gaming.
I mean, I guess technically I played an Atari 2600 before the Commodore, but I put way more hours in Commodore 64 than I did anything else between the ages of around 5 and probably 10, to be honest.
So Dartusy in chat says, I figured Rob would appreciate this being the Commodore computer fan. Hell yeah.
We never had an Amiga, but I certainly respect and know the system, that's for sure.
And I was always jealous of my friends that had them, but they were really expensive computers.
The Amiga was really expensive at its time. So there's that whole problem.
All right, let's get to our listener roundtable. If you would like to give us a call or you could join our green room on Discord.
Also, if you would like to send us in a chat question, you can do that as well.
And we'll get some of those. And then I would go to the mailbag, but we don't have any emails tonight.
So participate at orangelaunchradio.com if you'd like to send us an email for a future week.
Questbuster wants to point out on the No Man's Sky thing, Hello Games is working on a new big project, but they haven't said what it is, only that it's going to be as ambitious as No Man's Sky.
You know, it's hard to hear that and not think they're making another space game, because what is more vast than space? Really nothing.
But I'm curious to see maybe what they might put their random procedural generator thing that powered a game like No Man's Sky, what they might put that on.
Could they make an RPG out of that? Or what it is they're going to do? Could they do a game about exploring the oceans?
There's so much unknown when it comes to that. I don't know. I mean, there's just a lot of question mark there.
It could be literally anything until No Man's Sky, until Hello Games, the makers of No Man's Sky say something about it. That's for sure.
Dark Tetsuya in chat, did anyone get to check out the Windjammers 2 beta? I'm kind of hooked and I even got my wife into it. A big no for me, sadly.
No, I didn't. But to be fair, I didn't play any betas, just Hades. I didn't play Diablo either this weekend. Did you play Windjammers 2 yet, Loki?
No, I have not.
Well, hopefully soon. Hopefully soon. I didn't talk earlier in the show about Pokemon Go, but the community day happened this weekend.
And I gotta say, for as many hours as they gave it, between the heatwave here and Hades and my general, like, do I really need to get more EVs?
I didn't really play a lot. I caught a bunch of stuff on the house, and I ended up getting a 3-star EV because I got one that showed up.
So, maybe it hatched. I don't remember. But anyway, I got one and I was happy enough with that.
And I've been sitting on some shinies, too. So I made a new Glaceon and a new Sylveon. I still need to make a Leafeon before the time's up.
Because I guess you can still do that until Monday morning. Mike Def says, 29 between the two days. Holy crap, that's a lot.
I didn't ask Shane how many he got, but I'm just assuming he didn't care about it as much because it was EV reset. Oh, Shane's in chat. How about that?
I'm too physical. Shane, how many shinies did you get in EV weekend? Or did you care? You were out doing errands.
Shane in chat also says, I'm two physical copies away from having all the Hades versions. I'll probably finish that off within the next month or two.
And y'all tease me about Mass Effect 3. But there's always those games. There's always those games that are just gonna do it for you.
Yeah, Carlos points out in chat, thank you, 1 p.m. Eastern, so 10 a.m. for me, to make my shiny Leafeon, which I have plenty of EVs to do that with.
So, uh, Jesus. Shane in chat says, I opened my game today during a run to Walmart and got 11? I maybe got four, but I really didn't play a lot.
Four on my house is still kind of a lot. I don't know. Let's see, Carlos in chat says, my Pogo group didn't care, but only went out for Hundo notifications.
Oh, that's clever. Yeah, I know a lot of people were very meh on the fact it was a repeat weekend anyway, and then you add on top of that just the fact that Pokemon Go kind of pissed off its player fan base within the past month.
There's a lot of people that are like, I'm not buying that 99 cent ticket, even though I kind of think what they were offering as far as like the rewards and stuff were probably better than they have in a while.
The fact that you can get one free Eevee Lucian that's guaranteed to at least be a two star that has the special move with it, you just get it from doing that quest.
And then they also had what like incubators and maybe an egg like it's probably one of the better deals for the 99 cent quest they've done.
But there's a lot of people that are just like, keep it. Because they're mad and they're sticking to their guns. But that's what you have to do. If you're really upset about it, you got to vote with your wallet.
And so it'll be interesting to see how many people did that on a big scale because Pokemon Go is an international game. So we'll have to see how that goes.
Oh, Mike Deff says I had the Go Plus running. Gotcha.
S200Matt says I work Saturday and Sunday. So maybe I got 15 since I had to play at home for some of it.
Didn't get a damn shiny Heracross. Been trying. Yeah, I wanted a shiny Heracross too. I did a lot of those. I still didn't get a shiny unknown.
I did like 15 unknown raids probably. I did a lot and still didn't get a shiny one of those. I'm pissed. But it is what it is.
All right. I don't see anyone in the green room. Any other just last call for questions or chat topics and then we will move on.
Shane in chat says I didn't get the ticket. I will for Oshawa day, whatever that is. But I think that's the end of Go for me at that point.
I'm also curious. There's I we know there's a Pokemon announcement thing coming on what the 18th? Is that Wednesday, Thursday? It's coming up pretty soon.
And we're supposed to get not just the Gen 4 remake details, which I know Shane, you in particular Luke warm on.
But Pokemon are say our Saris is supposed to be the legends, whatever that is supposed to get more information as well.
And I imagine you're a lot more interested in that one. So, yeah, Wednesday. So hyped. Yeah.
Carlos says I said keep it to the 99 cent easy quest because there was no incentive to do it when we have enough of these.
They brought back the same moves. So we had no motivation. There you go.
Yeah, I'm I'm gonna be very curious with the announce of the Pokemon thing, too. I'm I'm curious about a Gen 4 remake.
I'll play it, especially if it ends up tying into Pokemon Bank and all that, like I want to finish my decks and bank and all that good stuff, which, you know, I'm a little behind when it comes to that stuff.
So and if I guess also it's one of those things where like platinum was better than Diamond and Pearl.
So maybe if some of those quality of life things are in it, it might not be so bad, but we'll see.
As Joe and Matt also points out, we get the catch up days in December to reduce some of the shiny catches of the year. Yes, that is very true. Very, very true.
All right. Let's get into any last minute stories. Loki, I don't know if you have any of those. I think we might have burned through them all.
Yeah, so apparently there's so we found out that the next Call of Duty could be Call of Duty Vanguard, which was T.
I mean, they've been teasing, you know, kind of some stuff for that with the Call of Duty seasons that they have right now.
But the cover art has leaked out for the game as well. So it looks like it's going to be set in World War Two.
Some think it's going to be an alternate World War Two. And they have like some kind of looks like the preorder bonus stuff as well.
So, you know, showing off some of the different operator skins and I'm going to step AFK real quick. Sorry.
Yeah. And open beta early access and stuff like that. And, you know, the front line weapons pack double XP.
Or I should say it looks like 4X XP or something like that. Cool. I guess the alternate World War Two things have been kind of done to death.
Now, if it was like a Call of Duty game set in alternate World War Two, that was also the universe of like Command & Conquer Red Alert.
That would be cool, you know, with the Tesla coils and stuff like that. Yeah, I'd be down with that.
And then you'll get some Tesla tanks in there and stuff and all the crazy stuff. Iron curtains. That's the kind of game I want to see.
But sadly, this is probably just going to be another generic Call of Duty game. So.
I'm back. Sorry.
What are you going to do?
Smoosh is losing his mind over there. Some comments from chat on the Pokemon event on Wednesday.
Shane says it's not just Arceus and Brilliant Diamond Shining Pearl. Sounds like they'll be talking about other things, too.
And Carlos follows that up, saying, yeah, I expect 15 minutes of the remakes, 10 minutes of Arceus with five minutes of the other games.
Maybe a Unite update, like what Pokemon are coming to Unite. The mobile launch, maybe. I could see that.
And maybe an unannounced Pokemon game would be great, but I'm not going to set my expectations there. That's for sure.
Maybe they'll unveil how they're fixing Pokemon Go. Haha. Just kidding. All right.
They're not.
All right. If that's it for last minute stories, then I think we will go ahead and collect some final thoughts.
Thank you guys very much for listening to our show this week, whether you were here live on Twitch or if you were downloading on our podcast feed.
If you enjoyed what you heard, please help us spread the word. We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need voices here to put out on air.
Tell a friend or two about the show. Help spread the word.
Also, an auto host here at Twitch for VOG Network goes a very long way.
And we appreciate all of you guys that do that.
If you are so inclined, you can support us via our shop.
If you want to get some OLR merchandise at vognetwork.com slash shop if you want to check that out.
My shirts finally shipped. They took a little bit to print, but I'm finally getting my new shirts for Dragon Con.
So I'm glad I thought to get that in advance because it sounds like it's going to be another week before I get those.
So, yeah, very exciting. All right. Let's get everybody's final thoughts.
Loki, how about your final thought?
My final thought is I'm still working hard on my Minecraft series, so I've got a lot of new things I want to try to implement into it.
So it's only going to make it more complicated. But cool.
All right. And my final thought is, what in the heck is this cat doing?
He's losing his mind. Cats, what can you do? What can you do?
My cat's down here screaming at me and staring at me.
We still love them, even when they're crazy. All right. That's going to do it for another OLR.
Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you next week.
I know it's a little bit of a shorter show, but it's lighter on the news and no Jamie.
So it just made things shorter. But I hope you guys have a good week. We'll be back next week.
Good night, everybody.
To join us for a live show, tune into VoG network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoG network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.